<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<page title="Impressum – Octopus" type="static">

    <div class="static-col">
      <h1>Impressum</h1>
      <p class="static-updated">Legal disclosure pursuant to § 5 TMG (Germany) and applicable EU regulations.</p>

      <h2>Service Provider</h2>
      <p>
        Octopus is an open-source blogging platform operated by the Octopus project
        contributors. The platform is hosted on GitHub Pages and uses Appwrite as its
        backend service.
      </p>

      <h2>Responsible for Content</h2>
      <p>
        The Octopus project is community-maintained. Each user is solely responsible for
        the content they publish on this platform. The platform operators do not accept
        liability for user-generated content.
      </p>

      <h2>Source Code</h2>
      <p>
        The source code of this platform is publicly available at
        <a href="https://github.com/corepunch/octopus">github.com/corepunch/octopus</a>
        under an open-source license.
      </p>

      <h2>Dispute Resolution</h2>
      <p>
        The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS) at
        <a href="https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr">ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr</a>.
        We are not obligated to participate in dispute resolution proceedings before a
        consumer arbitration board.
      </p>

      <h2>Liability for Content</h2>
      <p>
        As a service provider we are responsible for our own content on these pages in
        accordance with general law. We are not obligated to monitor transmitted or stored
        third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal
        activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information under general law
        remain unaffected by this.
      </p>

      <h2>Liability for Links</h2>
      <p>
        Our offer contains links to external third-party websites over whose content we
        have no influence. We cannot accept any liability for the content of these external
        sites. The respective provider or operator of the linked pages is always responsible
        for their content.
      </p>

      <h2>Copyright</h2>
      <p>
        The content and works on this website created by the platform operators are subject
        to copyright law. Duplication, processing, distribution, or any form of
        commercialisation of such material beyond the scope of copyright law requires the
        prior written consent of its respective author or creator. User-generated content
        remains the intellectual property of the respective user.
      </p>
    </div>

</page>
