<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<page title="Privacy Policy – Octopus" type="static">

    <div class="static-col">
      <h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
      <p class="static-updated">Last updated: April 2025</p>

      <h2>1. Introduction</h2>
      <p>
        Octopus ("we", "us", "our") is committed to protecting your personal information.
        This Privacy Policy explains what data we collect, how we use it, and your rights
        regarding that data.
      </p>

      <h2>2. Data We Collect</h2>
      <p>When you create an account and use Octopus, we collect:</p>
      <ul>
        <li><strong>Account information</strong> — your name and email address, provided
            during registration.</li>
        <li><strong>Content you create</strong> — posts, tags, and profile information
            you choose to publish.</li>
        <li><strong>Usage data</strong> — basic technical information such as IP address
            and browser type, collected automatically by Appwrite and GitHub Pages for
            security and operational purposes.</li>
      </ul>

      <h2>3. How We Use Your Data</h2>
      <p>We use the data we collect to:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Provide, operate, and improve the Service.</li>
        <li>Authenticate your identity and secure your account.</li>
        <li>Display your public profile and posts to other users.</li>
        <li>Respond to your requests or enquiries.</li>
      </ul>

      <h2>4. Data Sharing</h2>
      <p>
        We do not sell your personal data. We do not share your data with third parties
        except as required to operate the Service (e.g., Appwrite as our backend provider)
        or as required by law.
      </p>

      <h2>5. Cookies and Tracking</h2>
      <p>
        Octopus does not use advertising cookies or third-party tracking scripts. Appwrite
        may use session cookies necessary for authentication. We do not use analytics
        services that track you across sites.
      </p>

      <h2>6. Data Retention</h2>
      <p>
        Your account data is retained for as long as your account is active. You may
        request deletion of your account and associated data at any time by contacting
        us via <a href="https://github.com/corepunch/octopus/issues">GitHub Issues</a>.
        Posts you have deleted are removed from public view immediately.
      </p>

      <h2>7. Your Rights (GDPR)</h2>
      <p>If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have the right to:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Access the personal data we hold about you.</li>
        <li>Correct inaccurate or incomplete data.</li>
        <li>Request erasure of your data ("right to be forgotten").</li>
        <li>Object to or restrict processing of your data.</li>
        <li>Data portability — receive a copy of your data in a structured format.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>
        To exercise any of these rights, please open an issue on
        <a href="https://github.com/corepunch/octopus/issues">GitHub</a>.
      </p>

      <h2>8. Security</h2>
      <p>
        We take reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect your data
        against unauthorised access or disclosure. However, no internet transmission is
        completely secure.
      </p>

      <h2>9. Changes to This Policy</h2>
      <p>
        We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post the updated
        policy on this page with a revised date. Continued use of the Service after any
        changes constitutes acceptance of the new policy.
      </p>

      <h2>10. Contact</h2>
      <p>
        Questions about this Privacy Policy may be directed to the project via
        <a href="https://github.com/corepunch/octopus/issues">GitHub Issues</a>.
      </p>
    </div>

</page>
