<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<page title="Terms of Service – Octopus" type="static">

    <div class="static-col">
      <h1>Terms of Service</h1>
      <p class="static-updated">Last updated: April 2025</p>

      <h2>1. Acceptance of Terms</h2>
      <p>
        By accessing or using Octopus ("the Service") you agree to be bound by these Terms
        of Service. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use the Service.
      </p>

      <h2>2. Description of Service</h2>
      <p>
        Octopus is an open-source blogging platform that allows users to create, publish,
        and discover Markdown-formatted posts. The Service is provided free of charge and
        without warranty.
      </p>

      <h2>3. User Accounts</h2>
      <p>
        You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials
        and for all activities that occur under your account. You must provide accurate
        information when creating an account and keep it up to date.
      </p>

      <h2>4. User Content</h2>
      <p>
        You retain ownership of any content you post to the Service. By posting content
        you grant Octopus a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free licence to display and
        distribute that content as part of the Service. You are solely responsible for the
        content you publish and must ensure it does not violate any applicable laws or
        these Terms.
      </p>

      <h2>5. Prohibited Conduct</h2>
      <p>You agree not to use the Service to:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Post content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, or defamatory.</li>
        <li>Violate the intellectual property rights of others.</li>
        <li>Distribute spam, malware, or unsolicited advertising.</li>
        <li>Impersonate any person or entity.</li>
        <li>Attempt to gain unauthorised access to any part of the Service.</li>
        <li>Engage in any activity that disrupts or interferes with the Service.</li>
      </ul>

      <h2>6. Content Removal</h2>
      <p>
        We reserve the right to remove any content that violates these Terms or that we
        find objectionable, without prior notice. Repeated violations may result in account
        termination.
      </p>

      <h2>7. Disclaimers</h2>
      <p>
        The Service is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or
        implied. We do not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted, error-free, or
        free of viruses or other harmful components.
      </p>

      <h2>8. Limitation of Liability</h2>
      <p>
        To the maximum extent permitted by law, Octopus and its contributors shall not be
        liable for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising from
        your use of, or inability to use, the Service.
      </p>

      <h2>9. Changes to Terms</h2>
      <p>
        We may update these Terms from time to time. Continued use of the Service after
        changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the revised Terms.
      </p>

      <h2>10. Contact</h2>
      <p>
        Questions about these Terms may be directed to the project via
        <a href="https://github.com/corepunch/octopus/issues">GitHub Issues</a>.
      </p>
    </div>

</page>
